docs(telemetry.apollo): add documentation about `send_headers` and `send_variable_value` (#2435)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/apollo-telemetry.mdx

## Advanced configuration

### `send_headers`

Provide this field to configure which request header names and values are included in trace data that's sent to Apollo Studio. Valid options are: `only` with an array, `except` with an array, `none`, `all`.

> The default value is `none``, which means no header names or values are sent to Studio. This is a security measure to prevent sensitive data from potentially reaching the Router.

Reviewer: This will result in broken rendering right now.  (There's a good Markdown Preview feature in VS Code that can help catch this. :wink:)

Also, I think you meant "reaching Studio", but I have a suggestion there, too.

```suggestion
The default value is `none`, which means no header names or values are sent to Studio. This is a security measure to prevent sensitive data from leaving your infrastructure unless you specifically opt into it
```

### `send_variable_values`

Provide this field to configure which variable values are included in trace data that's sent to Apollo Studio. Valid options are: `only` with an array, `except` with an array, `none`, `all`.

> The default value is `none`, which means no variable values are sent to Studio. This is a security measure to prevent sensitive data from potentially reaching the Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is `none`, which means no variable values are sent to Studio. This is a security measure to prevent sensitive data from leaving your infrastructure unless you specifically opt into it.
```
